usb:
====
. host enumerates one device at a time
. 

. hub detects the device
. detects as low speed, if voltage change pull up on D- else full speed D+
. The host learns of the new device. Each hub uses its interrupt endpoint to report events at the hub
. hub resets the device


“9.1.2 Bus Enumeration
When a USB device is attached to or removed from the USB, the host uses a process
known as bus enumeration to identify and manage the device state changes necessary.
When a USB device is attached to a powered port, the following actions are taken:
1. The hub to which the USB device is now attached informs the host of the
event via a reply on its status change pipe (refer to Section 11.12.3 for more
information). At this point, the USB device is in the Powered state and the
port to which it is attached is disabled.
2. The host determines the exact nature of the change by querying the hub.
3. Now that the host knows the port to which the new device has been
attached, the host then waits for at least 100 ms to allow completion of an
insertion process and for power at the device to become stable. The host
then issues a port enable and reset command to that port. Refer to Section
7.1.7.5 for sequence of events and timings of connection through device
reset.
4. The hub performs the required reset processing for that port (see Section
11.5.1.5). When the reset signal is released, the port has been enabled. The
USB device is now in the Default state and can draw no more than 100 mA
from VBUS. All of its registers and states have been reset and it answers to
the default address.
5. The host assigns a unique address to the USB device, moving the device to
the Address state.
6. Before the USB device receives a unique address, its Default Control Pipe is
still accessible via the default address. The host reads the device descriptor
to determine what actual maximum data payload size this USB device’s
default pipe can use.
7. The host reads the configuration information from the device by reading
each configuration zero to n-1, where n is the number of configurations. This
process may take several milliseconds to complete.
8. Based on the configuration information and how the USB device will be
used, the host assigns a configuration value to the device. The device is now
in the Configured state and all of the endpoints in this configuration have
taken on their described characteristics. The USB device may now draw the
amount of VBUS power described in its descriptor for the selected configura-
tion. From the device’s point of view, it is now ready for use.
When the USB device is removed, the hub again sends a notification to the host.
Detaching a device disables the port to which it had been attached. Upon receiving the
detach notification, the host will update its local topological information.”



